High level agenda:
=================
1.Actions class
	All the complex operation like double click,right click and mouse hover and key board operations
	these all not part of webelement this is part of separate class called Actions class
	Complex gestures we will use Actions
	In Mobile devices TouchActions class
	swipe left,swipe right
2.Fluent Wait
3.JavascriptExecutor
	it is an interface
	it is similar to TakesScreenShot
	what is use of executing javascript in java because they 
	Java Script can change the dom structure as well, it can change HTML at run time
4.DesiredCapability
  	This class deprecated in selenium 3.6 version
  	currenly we are using selenium 3.14 versios now
  	To implement DesiredCapabilities we have to use other classes
  	It is way of changing the broswer behaviour - specific setting , profile ,maximize mode ...etc
  
5.How to handle untrusted certificate in Selenium
	it is part of desired capabilitie

6.Maven 
	 Maven is a build automation tool/Project management tool used primarily for Java projects.
	 Maven is project management tool based on POM.xml (Project object model)
	 Maven can also be used to build and manage projects written in C#, Ruby, Scala, and other languages

7.What is Maven life cycle:
	Maven Lifecycle: Below is a representation of the default
	Maven lifecycle and its 8 steps: Validate, Compile, Test, Package, Integration test, Verify, Install, and Deploy.
	
	1.Validate: This step validates if the project structure is correct. 
	For example – It checks if all the dependencies have been downloaded and are available in the local repository.
	2.Compile: It compiles the source code, converts the .java files to .class, and
	 stores the classes in the target/classes folder.
	3.Test: It runs unit tests for the project.
	4.Package: This step packages the compiled code in a distributable format like JAR or WAR.
	5.Integration test: It runs the integration tests for the project.
	6.Verify: This step runs checks to verify that the project is valid and meets the quality standards.
	7.Install: This step installs the packaged code to the local Maven repository.
	8.Deploy: It copies the packaged code to the remote repository for sharing it with other developers
	
	Selenium java jar name : selenium-server-standalone-3.141.59.jar
	
